---
share: "true"
tags: publication
---

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2023). Robust nonparametric analysis of
dynamic profits, prices and productivity: An application to french
meat-processing firms. *European Review of Agricultural Economics*,
*50*(2), 771--809.

Cherchye, L., De Rock, B., Dierynck, B., Kerstens, P. J., & Roodhooft,
F. (2023). A DEA-based approach to customer value analysis. *European
Journal of Operational Research*, *308*(3), 1319--1331.

Bogetoft, P., & Kerstens, P. J. (2022). Distinguishing useful and
wasteful slack. *Operations Research*.

Ottaviani Aalmo, G., Kerstens, P. J., Belbo, H., Bogetoft, P., Talbot,
B., & Strange, N. (2021). Efficiency drivers in harvesting operations in
mixed boreal stands: A norwegian case study. *International Journal of
Forest Engineering*, *32*(sup1), 74--86.

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2020). A superlative indicator for the
luenberger-hicks-moorsteen productivity indicator: Theory and
application. *European Journal of Operational Research*, *285*(3),
1161--1173.

Hougaard, J. L., Kerstens, P. J., & Nielsen, K. (2019). *Benchmarking
with uncertain data: A simulation study comparing alternative methods*.
IFRO Working Paper.

Staessens, M., Kerstens, P. J., Bruneel, J., & Cherchye, L. (2019). Data
envelopment analysis and social enterprises: Analysing performance,
strategic orientation and mission drift. *Journal of Business Ethics*,
*159*, 325--341.

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2018). *Superlative approximation of the
luenberger-hicks-moorsteen productivity indicator: Theory and
application*. IFRO Working Paper.

Cherchye, L., Cosaert, S., De Rock, B., Kerstens, P. J., & Vermeulen, F.
(2018). Individual welfare analysis for collective households. *Journal
of Public Economics*, *166*, 98--114.

Cherchye, L., De Rock, B., & Kerstens, P. J. (2018). Production with
storable and durable inputs: Nonparametric analysis of intertemporal
efficiency. *European Journal of Operational Research*, *270*(2),
498--513.

Franco, C., Nielsen, K., & Kerstens, P. J. (2018). Uncertainty
management for classification and benchmarking of energy-use preference
profiles. *2018 IEEE International Conference on Fuzzy Systems
(FUZZ-IEEE)*, 1--8.

Staessens, M., Kerstens, P. J., Bruneel, J., & Cherchye, L. (2018). A
performance tool for policy-makers to monitor the dual objective of
social enterprises: A data envelopment analysis approach. In *Measuring
and controlling sustainability* (pp.Â 102--121). Routledge.

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2017). Decomposing the
luenberger--hicks--moorsteen total factor productivity indicator: An
application to US agriculture. *European Journal of Operational
Research*, *260*(1), 359--375.

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2017). Exact and superlative measurement of
the luenberger-hicks-moorsteen productivity indicator. In *Available at
SSRN 2902579*.

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2017). *The dynamic
luenberger-hicks-moorsteen productivity indicator with an application to
dairy farms in south west england*.

Bruneel, J., Staessens, M., Cherchye, L., & Kerstens, P. J. (2017).
Benefit of the doubt performance measurement of social enterprises:
Mission lock-in or drift? *Academy of Management Proceedings*, *2017*,
13803.

Kerstens, P. J. (2017). *Beyond black box modeling in production:
Methodological advances in nonparametric methods* \[PhD thesis\]. KU
Leuven.

Ang, F., & Kerstens, P. J. (2016). To mix or specialise? A coordination
productivity indicator for english and welsh farms. *Journal of
Agricultural Economics*, *67*(3), 779--798.
